Rewrote ui READMEs to reflect current layout (#106)
ADAH-EviDENce/evidence: ui/README.md

# Evidence user interface

User interface consists of

* a web service written in Go language in current folder.
* a single page web application written in React in `ui/` folder.

## Run

> See [../README.md#steps-to-get-the-frontend-up-and-running](../README.md#steps-to-get-the-frontend-up-and-running).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [/README.md#build-the-user-interface-web-application-and-start-it](/README.md#build-the-user-interface-web-application-and-start-it).
```
(section title has changed since you wrote this)

> ## Elastic search example queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Elasticsearch example queries
```
